# Practical Work Repository for ALSDD Module (1CP)

# Solution to TP2: Trees fusion

## Overview

This solution addresses the requirements of Travaux Pratique NÂ°2, focusing on
the implementation of binary trees, heaps and stacks and the fusion of binary
search trees A1 and A2 based on specific traversal orders. The TP explores
various traversal combinations and implements the fusion algorithm using the
Khawarizm environment.

## Project Structure

- **Project Name**: Nom1_Prenom1_Nom2_Prenom2_Groupe_TP1
- **Development Environment**: Khawarizm and VScode
- **Submission Format**: Compressed folder containing the project

## Objective

The primary goal is to implement the fusion of binary search trees A1 and A2
based on specified traversal orders (X and Y), resulting in the creation of
binary search tree A3. The project involves generating random data for trees A1
and A2, applying fusion algorithms for different traversal combinations, and
validating the fusion results.

## Implementation

### Modules

- **BinarySearchTree**: Implements basic operations for a binary search tree,
  including insertion, traversal (inorder, preorder, postorder), and fusion
  algorithms.
- **Main Program**: Executes the fusion process for predefined traversal
  combinations and verifies the correctness of the resulting tree.

### Algorithm

The fusion algorithm involves traversing trees A1 and A2 simultaneously based on
predefined traversal orders (X and Y), comparing nodes, and constructing the
resulting binary search tree A3.

### Khawarizm Environment

The project is implemented using the Khawarizm environment, with modules
designed to simulate tree fusion operations for multiple traversal combinations.

## Part "C" - Translation to C

(a) Automatically translate the algorithm to C and test the resulting program.
Use m = 50 and n = 10,000 (or higher) to evaluate performance. (b) Enhance the C
program by adding simulation modules to compare different traversal types and
analyze resulting tree metrics such as node distribution per level, minimum
height, maximum height, and other relevant metrics.

## Conclusion

This TP explores the fusion of binary search trees using various traversal
orders and evaluates the resulting tree structures under different simulation
scenarios. The project includes a C implementation executed in the Khawarizm
environment, with detailed analysis and performance evaluation.

### Report

A comprehensive PDF report (maximum 3 pages) is required, detailing simulation
results, comparative analysis of traversal types, and graphical representations
of tree metrics.
